yo whats up guys its x-rays and welcome
to episode 20 of call of duty face off
in today's episode we're gonna be
covering the mp5 from call of duty 4 and
modern warfare 3 Before we jump into the
actual episode I want to really quickly
announced that me and control freaks
have partnered up in order to bring you
guys a monthly giveaway here for call of
duty face off all you have to do is go
follow control freaks on Twitter and
then they will randomly tweet out a
random trivia question from one of the
four episodes that came out throughout
this month so it's an incentive for you
guys to watch the series and also for
you guys to possibly win a pair of
control freaks so definitely go check
them out a link to control freaks toward
will be down in the description go
follow them and let's jump into the
episode now I hope you guys enjoy and
let's jump straight into call of duty
face off the mp5 is one of the most
popular or submachine guns and call duty
4 multiplayer because of its low unlock
level relatively decent accuracy and
high damage the weapon is usually better
in close to medium range combat as its
recoil can throw off one's aim at long
range this combined of its low damage at
range means that it's almost futile to
try and kill someone at long range the
mp5 has a very fast raised time after
sprinting and the characters arm move
faster when sprinting unlike any other
weapon the mp5 returns in modern warfare
3 and it features high recoil that is
quite unpredictable compared to other
submachine guns the mp5 has few merits
the p90 does exactly the same damage of
the larger magazine the mp7 also has a
larger magazine the same fire rate and
less week well in practice however these
shortcomings will generally go unnoticed
Infinity Ward release date hotfix that
increase the mp5s rate of fire prior to
the patch the mp5 was outclassed in
every way compared to the p90 to
compensate for this the mp5 is now has
similar fiery to the mp7 although low
recoil is slightly higher due to the
fire rate this makes it a much more
competitive gun than before as it shows
the same fire rate as the mp7 but it
also reloads faster and has the second
highest effective range of all these
submachine guns just behind the ump45 it
also features the fastest reload speed
in any of the submachine gun category
when reload cancelling is factored in
the mp5 and modern warfare 3 returned
and was a bigger and better
weapon but will it be enough to conquer
its cod4 counterpart we find out today
and call a duty face off the mp5 in cod4
was a monster and an average magazine
size of 30 and then insane damage doing
40 up close and 20 at its minimum
because of this the mp5 was a 325 shot
kill weapon and on top of this the mp5
also had a 1.4 headshot multiplier which
allowed to cut it down to a two to four
shot kill weapon the mp5 shot at 800
rounds per minute which is about average
for a submachine gun because of this it
had moderate recoil the mp5 from modern
warfare 3 found himself in a different
environment and because of that it had
to adapt had the same magazine size of
most smgs having a 30-round for magazine
magazine size it had insane damage suing
42 at its max and 20 at its minimum so
it did have a very steep drop-off
because of this the mp5 was also a 325
shot kill weapon just like it's called
for counterpart it did however have a
higher headshot multiplier of 1.5 times
making it also a two to four shot kill
weapon after the patch the mp5 shot at
895 rounds per minute shooting it just a
little bit faster than its cod4
counterpart and because of this it also
did have moderate recoil so which one of
these two weapons was better which one
do you guys think was the best leave a
comment down below with your thoughts on
which one you guys thought was better
maybe you just thought the cod4 was
morals more vintage maybe thought the
the modern warfare 3 ones just was more
powerful than the kata for one or maybe
he just felt that one felt easier to use
and another one leave a comment down
below it'll be interesting to see how
many of you guys prefer one weapon over
the other and the better mp5 was the mp5
from modern warfare 3 although it did
have the same stats as the mp5 from call
of duty 4 it did have just a little bit
more which made it come out on top it
did more damage and had a headshot
multiplier was a little bit higher and
on top of that the biggest factor was at
the mp5 for modern warfare 3 shot a lot
faster than the mp5 from cod4 shooting
at 895 rounds as opposed to 800 on top
of that it did have moderate recoil and
it was one of those weapons that was a
little bit
control but then again he had the same
amount of recoil as its cod4 counterpart
making it the better mp5 in Call of Duty
history enemies guys hope you guys
enjoyed today's episode of Call of Duty
face off if you did remember to slap a
like on this video and if you guys also
really really enjoyed it remember to
slap a favorite as well to try to help
and share this thing around for other
people to check it out anyways guys I
hope you guys enjoyed remember to leave
a comment down below of any gun you guys
want me to cover next it can be any gun
from any call duty can be a score streak
killstreak perk it doesn't really matter
if you guys want to see it on out you
will probably see it on this channel
anyways hope you guys enjoyed if you
guys want to see more episodes more
exclusive ones that are to my channel go
ahead and stop by my channel youtube.com
slash 0 g x rays and subscribe i'm back
through the mouth piece